I'm not entirely sure if we're supposed to do this, but better to be safe than sorry!

### In the interest of transparency...

It is 12:05 AM on Tuesday, December 10th. There is no music in the game. The game is finished and functions perfectly, however! No matter what happens with music (wish me luck), I am definitely happy with how this project has turned out. 90% of the troubles with it stemmed from my own procrastination, not from any programming issues, which I'm very proud of. The process was mostly seamless.

### Writing the Script

This was easy! I wrote most of it while home for Thanksgiving, and I had a ton of fun with it. I created 15 different endings, like I set out to, and added choices that would affect the outcome of future choices, not just branch. The first choice you're presented with is the main one of these. Squishy (I completely forgot until a few minutes ago that I originally planned to make him named Smushy, but I assume this isn't a massive issue.) is prompted to eat his breakfast, either a blue or yellow lump. Later on, if you wind up on the date with Shark and order the chicken, you will throw up whatever color you had for breakfast. If you make a few other choices from here and wind up at your new friend Clyde's house, he will offer you a cigarette. If you choose to smoke it, you'll pass out and Clyde will make you breakfast in the morning. He will give you the choice of either blue or yellow. If you choose the same color you had for breakfast, you will throw up again, otherwise you invest in Clyde's cooking career. When I scripted this, I assumed that this wouldn't be too hard to figure out. I'll figure out how to store a variable, and I'll call back to it later at each of the choices.
I wrote the script in a Google Doc, highlighting each choice a different color to make it easier to navigate.

### Starting with Ren'Py

At first I had some trouble. Ren'Py wouldn't open on my laptop, but then we had the one-on-one Zoom meeting and discovered that if I downloaded an older version, everything worked perfectly. Now we were off to the races! I referred to the Ren'Py guide on their website to understand the fundamentals of the program. The first day I sat down to start programming, I wanted to get through the entirety of the "park" choice, since it was short. I did, and was super excited with how it went. It was awesome to see a game I was making by myself come to life before my eyes. It was a different feeling to making little projects in Scratch or whatever, I was really writing in the code! Over the next few days, I worked through coding the story. I decided that I would write in the whole game, then go for the PlayDoh and make the visuals and eventually the music. When the time came to sort out the blue/yellow debacle(s), I went to the sample game "The Question." In it, they have a special line of dialogue that only is shown if a certain choice is made earlier. I usde this code to make the blue/yellow work. At the top of the code they "define" a variable (book) as False. If the player makes the choice that would add the line of dialogue, the variable is set to True. When that line of dialogue would play, the game asks if book = True. If it is, a line of dialogue is show, else: they continue. I made it so a variable called "yellow" would be set to true if you have yellow for breakfast. When you eat the chicken, the game is asked whether or not yellow is true. If false, you puke blue; if true, you puke yellow. Later when Clyde makes you food, it's a bit more complicated. If you choose to eat blue, the game is asked if yellow is true. If it is, everything is okay and no one throws up. If it's false, that means Squishy ate blue at the start of the game and eating the same thing again makes him nauseous, so he pukes. The opposite is true for choosing yellow: false and everyone is happy, true and you get sick. I continued coding the rest of the game with no issues. I played through every choice to make sure! I also had some of my friends play through to test if the game was fun. (It is!)

### Playing with my Doh

I went to a Michaels and bought their entire stock of Play Doh. I went home and designed Squishy and Shark, the main characters. A few days later (probably a few too many), I started working on taking each of the pictures for the game. The sample project uses backgrounds and character sprites that are overlayed. I thought about doing this but I figured it would be simpler and more fun to just make the characters and actually frame the scenes the way I envision them. I used my Counterpoint binder as a black backdrop and set up a little workstation for myself on the couch with these small tables we have at our house. I think it took me two days, but I got all of the visuals. The biggest issue I had throughout the entire process of this project was that my phone just decides to vibrate and not focus sometimes when I take a picture. It is very unclear as to why it does this and I have no idea how to fix it other than trial and error, so the process of taking the pictures had a lot more headache than it should've. Ultimately, everything went fine.
When I started to program the images in, I referred to the sample project again, where the commands "show" and "scene" are used to call in images that are placed in the game's image folder. I tried this and the images were waaaaayy too big. I tried to figure it out myself; maybe they were the wrong format or I needed to use "show" instead of "scene." Eventually I just went to the online guide and saw a section where they talked about the size of images, how the resolution of the window defined how images fit into it. If an image was bigger than the window then it won't fit. On the guide, it said that making a folder within the images folder called "@2" and putting my images in there would call the images at half of their original size. @3 would make them a third of the size, @4 a quarter, etc. I started with @4 since the images were so big, but that made them way too small. Then I did @3, still too small. Then @2, now too big. I named the folder @2.5, hoping that Ren'Py would understand what I meant, and the images looked perfect!
There were some issues with some images just not being brought up, but I changed the "show" program to "scene" on those images and they showed up. I don't know why that changed anything, but I'm not complaining!

### Procrastination Nation

The game was now "done." It is fully playable, 15 endings like I wanted, and it has the fun visuals I planned to make. The task of music still looms over my head like a chandelier tied up with floss, but there are more important things to do before then! I made my slide presentation, explaining why I wanted to make this project and how I did. I explained that ultimately, I'm very happy with it but better time-management definitely would've led to everything being a bit more cohesive, especially the music. Now, I'm making the markdown file. This did not take very long (It's now 12:43) since I feel I'm pretty good at writing this stream-of-conciousness, almost self-indulgent type of writing. Now, I will work on the music and sound. I'll be back to write about what happens, wish me luck!
I have finished it. I decided to ditch music as a whole and just make a few sound effects. Neutral choices get neutral sounds, bad and good choices get bad and good sounds, respectively. I also added a good ending sound and a bad endings sound, as well as a best ending for the "intended" outcome of the story. I did refer to the online guide and the following video ([Youtube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gw7bSrjIzck)) to learn about how I could've done the music. Ren'Py uses multiple audio channels and the volume can be controlled individually. I could use the following example code:
play music_2 [ "<sync music_1>layer_2.opus", "layer_2.opus" ]
so play two tracks at the same time, synced up. Presumably, I would be able to add more, controlling each of their volumes individually and create adaptive music that changes throughout storylines and with different choices. I did not do any of this, however; as I did not have time.