# Chapter 1
I never knew all of the information about 64 bits. I always see download options on Windows for 32 or 64, not knowing that this is what it was asking, if my PC used 64 bits or 32. There wasn't much specific information that I knew, just general concepts. I knew that a computer would need all sorts of special characters just to process writing in /n, rather than using that to code a new line. I just didn't know the exact process behind it.
# Chapter 2
I didn't realize how much something like Java can change over time. Obvioulsy in retrospect it makes sense, but something as simple as a "let" command not existing until 2015 is really surprising to me. I did know how imperative the word "let" was to this type of code before reading. I have very introductory coding knowledge and the kind of simple let _____ = ______ functions shown in this chapter are somewhat familiar to me.
# Chapter 3
I honestly didn't know much prior to this chapter. The kind of code that they covered in Chapter 3 reminds me of cursive; I can mostly read it and understand it but I defintely couldn't write it myself. When they showed a lot of the examples of functions I understood what they were accomplishing before reading about them, but I had no idea how each specific character is working together to reach that goal. I learned a lot about the mechanics of these types of functions, mainly the importance of the parentheses after each one. I now know that many functions in code are solely reliant on what is placed in those parentheses.