I started by choosing my sprites. I found a princess for the bride and a prince for the groom. I then found a heart to place on the altar and a School backdrop to place them all in. I then used the button press events to move the princess. Every time I pressed one of the arrow keys, a value of 10 would either be added or subtracted from her x or y position to give the impression that she's moving. I then added an event for when the green flag was pressed to move her to the same exact location at the start of each "game." I added another event to the up arrow press to check for when she is touching the Heart object and move her to the proper position, across from her groom. Next I drew the sprites for the question and answers. I spent a long time trying to find blocks to make the disappear/reappear, hoping that I could have them not be visible at the start and become visible when the princess moves to the Heart. I wasn't able to find these, so I came up with a different solution. When the princess reaches the Heart, a variable called "question" is set to 1 instead of where it starts at 0. The question and answer sprites are always asking when "question" is set to 1, and will move from their positions at (400, 400) -- off the screen -- to their proper positions on screen. Now, the Yes and No buttons are checking for mouse clicks on their sprites. When Yes is clicked, it plays a cheer sound effect. When No is clicked, it plays a depressing doom sound, since they don't have a jeer sound in their library. My last debug was noticing that without a background on the buttons, they would only recognize clicks if you exactly hit the thin black lines of the box and the letters. I added light pink backgrounds to the buttons to fix this issue.